Auth Token Support Docs in 10.9 (#7431)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/custom-settings/_index.md

| <a id="EnableKeepAlive" href="#EnableKeepAlive">EnableKeepAlive</a> | Defines whether the web client sends a keep alive request every SessionTimeout/2 milliseconds, to prevent a session timeout. Each click in the browser also acts as KeepAlive. Disabling this property will result in a user being logged out automatically after 10 minutes of inactivity, even if the browser remains open. | true |
| <a id="PhoneUserAgentRegEx" href="#PhoneUserAgentRegEx">PhoneUserAgentRegEx</a> | Defines the regular expression that is used to determine whether a user is visiting a Mendix application from a phone. The regular expression is matched against the user-agent header sent by the client's web browser. | Android, Mobile (iPhone, iPod, BlackBerry) |
| <a id="TabletUserAgentRegEx" href="#TabletUserAgentRegEx">TabletUserAgentRegEx</a> | Defines the regular expression that is used to determine whether a user is visiting a Mendix application from a tablet. The regular expression is matched against the User-Agent header sent by the client's web browser. | Android, iPad |

> | <a id="commendixwebuiHybridAppLoginTimeOut" href="#commendixwebuiHybridAppLoginTimeOut">com.<wbr>mendix.<wbr>webui.<wbr>HybridAppLoginTimeOut</a> | Determines how many minutes your token will remain valid before re-authenticating using your full credentials. | One year *(Mendix version 10.9.0 and above)*<br />Never *(Mendix versions below 10.9.0)* |

Author: I don't think there is a need to change the default value since the one-year is related to the authtoken cookie expiry, not this timeout.

Author: If no value is set the token will expire after one year.

Reviewer: But we need to change something as now it says 

> If no value is set the token will never expire

So should we put it in the description instead?

```suggestion
| <a id="commendixwebuiHybridAppLoginTimeOut" href="#commendixwebuiHybridAppLoginTimeOut">com.<wbr>mendix.<wbr>webui.<wbr>HybridAppLoginTimeOut</a> | Determines how many minutes your token will remain valid before re-authenticating using your full credentials.  If no value is set the token will expire after One year *(Mendix version 10.9.0 and above)* or never expire *(Mendix versions below 10.9.0)*. |  |
```

I prefer this as the default (i.e what will happen if you don't explicitly set `commendixwebuiHybridAppLoginTimeOut`) as it is clearer to me. But I can make the change I've suggested if you think that is more accurate.

Author: I don't think `never` is a valid default value, so I prefer your suggestion.
